= Welcome to Nextdoorz source

== Main Gems Versions:

- Rails Gem is version 3.2.13
- Backbone on Rails is version 1.0.0
- bootstrap-sass is version 2.3.1.0
- devise is version 2.2.3
- haml is version 4.0.1
- rabl is version 0.8.2
- rails_admin is version 0.4.6

<b>Important Notices:</b>
The RABL gem now uses the Oj gem as JSON parser. Don't forget to bundle install that. 

== Branches strategies:

Those are the 3 main branches:
- *Master* branch now equals and should always equal the production version of the app on Heroku. 
- *Staging* branch will always equal the staging version of the app on Heroku.

- *Development* branch: 
  - Is the most advanced branch
  - Is merged in staging for testing purposes
  - Is merged in master when a functionnality works and needs to be put in production

---

Other branches:

- One should create a local branch different from the main ones if he has to create a new functionnality

If someone needs help or if different people have to work on the same functionnality, 
then they should feel free to share it on GitHub. But remember to delete it as soon as
the functionnality is merged in development. 

- When a functionnality has to be tested, it may be merged in development to resolve eventual conflicts with the work of other

When conflicts are solved and everything works fine in development, the new functionnality can be
pushed in staging for testing purposes. 

- When everything works fine in staging and JangalaMarket is satisfied, the new functionnality can be pushed in master

Then the developer in charge of deployments will push the new functionnality on Heroku production. 

<em>
The branch "old master" is just a save of the branch master in which the last commit dated from December 2012. 
</em>
